{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The following three trends can be observed in the Heroes of Pymoli data.\
\
1. Heroes of Pymoli has significantly more male players than female or other/non-disclosed players. Without other data for comparison it is impossible to say why this is. It could be that there are more male players of video games in general and this is representative of the whole gaming industry. Alternately, it could be that this applies to the fantasy genre of games but not the whole of gaming. A third option is that this particular game is just more appealing to male players. Having data on other games and genres would be useful for comparison, especially if this analysis could be used for choosing what games to develop next based on target audience. \
\
2. Despite making up the highest percentage of players, male players spend less on average than both female and other/non-disclosed players on in-game purchases. Given this information, the company may wish to look into creating new games that cater more to players who identify as female or other/non-disclosed because they are potentially a more profitable demographic when it comes to in-game purchases.\
\
3. When looking at the percentage of players in different age groups, the ages  20-24 group has significantly more players that any other group - more than double even the next highest group. While it cannot be confirmed without any player occupation data, this large number of 20-24-year-old players may be accounted for by college students. If additional data can confirm this, it may be worth looking at how to make in-game purchases more appealing to college students in order to increase purchases by this demographic.}